Problem Statement #1: Instacart Orders
> Instacart is part of the 'Uber' phenomenon where individuals act as contractors to fulfill grocery shopping tasks. By learning more
about user behavior and buying trends among different types of items and the frequency at which they are ordered, Instacart can not only
develop new products to increase business but also to help the consumer find what they need faster. They can create quick buttons for
frequent shoppers (much like Amazon) and they can develop an algorithmic way to deliver related items to frequently purchased items to
to help increase purchases.
    > Questions: Which types of products are purchased the most frequently?
                 Which exact products are purchased most frequently?
    > Pitch: Using the Instacart open source data and machine learning algorithms,
    I will analyze the frequency at which types of products and specific products are purchased over a years time and across 200,000
    Instacart users. By doing this, I hope to discover which products are purchased the most often and then use my findings to develop
    new products or algorithms to improve the Instacart shopping experience for their users.
> Target Variable = `times product is purchased` is `y`and I will spend time determining which features (`X`) help me predict that value.
    
---------------
Part 2:
> Hypothesis/assumptions: 
Hypothesis: Fruit will be the most frequently purchased products.
Assumptions: Samples were randomly drawn, measure of fitness is appropriate, I did all the math correctly.

> Goals and success metrics:
Goal: To find out what products (X) are purchased the most frequently; time (y)
Success metrics: products (X) by times purchased (y) = most frequently purchased products

> Risks or limitations: It would be nice to have additional classification of product type information and to be able to cleanly
classify by product_name instead of product_id. Having the data in separate csv files presents a problem where I will have to merge files
to get at the data I would like to view.

> Articulate the specific data set you've chosen and why.
I have chosen the instacart products and orders data sets because they share product_ids that can help em visualize the frequency at which
specific products are purchased.
